1. The k-nearest neighbours model trained on LAB color values the highest validation scores compared to
the other five models. In general, all models trained on LAB color values preformed better than their
RGB color value counterparts; I believe this is due to LAB color space being more perceptually uniform,
making distance measurements between two data points more meaningful. With regard to why the k-nearest
neighbours model trained on LAB colors had the best performance of all the models, I was unable to
determine why this was the case.

Preguntar el profesor si tu analysis esta bien


2. I think for some cities, the error is reasonable since the observations in both cities are similarly
distributed among the clusters. I believe additional features which could aid in uniquely identifying
cities are cloud cover, air quality, and UV index.

Notes for question 1:
Naive Gaussian Bayes and K-nearest Neighbours uses a measure of distance in order to
calculate the probability. Since LAB color space is more perceptually uniform than
RGB color space, the distance measures when using the two aforementioned models is
more accurate and results in a higher validation score. For the random forest classifier,
the decision trees use distance in order to decide a color. LAB color space makes
comparisons with distance have more meaning, so it should yield a better result.

The k-nearest neighbours model trained on LAB values had the highest validation scores compared to
the other five models. I believe this occurred due to using a more perceptually uniform
color space, making the distances between points have more meaning. Therefore, when searching for
the color corresponding a specific data point, the k-nearest

I am unsure as to why k-nearest neighbours preformed the best. All these models use distance
to assign labels to the data points, and

Gaussian Naive bayes calculates how far a point is from the centroid.
K-nearest neighbours calculates the averages of all the k closest neighbours to you
Random forest uses multiple decision trees and takes the averages of them.

Notes for question 2:
I think for some cities, the error is reasonable since the observations in both cities are similarily
distributed among the clusters. For other cities, the error appears to be made since both cities have
entries in the clusters which are not relatively close.

For additional features which could help us determine the city, maybe air quality could be one of them?
There may be cities which are plagued by wildfires in a certain time of the year, so knowing the time
of the year and the air quality may help narrow down the city. Additionally recording the UV index and
cloud cover metric may help distinguish cities.